what up guys hope you're all doing well
the main man here I want to talk briefly
about the changes to Kazuya in Tekken 7
so far remember that this is based on
the location test which we saw this
weekend in Japan things will probably
change but this is what we know so far
cassia has a new player to outfit
it's his Tekken Tag Tournament one intro
costume with the leather coat on top I
think it's really cool
Kazuya now as every character in the
game has a super heart like in Street
Fighter the animation of the super art
seems to be taken from Street Fighter X
Tekken way knocks them into the air and
does a laser beam I think it looks
really cool but the damage however is
very average I mean they don't do that
much damage but it seems to do a tad
less than other characters and I know
that Claudio and Steve do the most I
mean Steve's super pretty much kills you
instantly I don't know what's up with
that
Casillas super connects pretty much
instantly with a forward 1+2 glorious
diamond got this animation and it's very
bad on block Casillas armor move is
forward plus 2 if it's really cool and
seems to work very very well
gazillion Tekken 7 is pretty much taken
revolution Kazuya except he lost the up
forward free knockdown which gave a
guaranteed follow-up but it's good but
that's gone because it was a tad broken
down Ford 1 2 gives a guaranteed stop
like in Tekken Revolution and want us to
knocks down and walls plans Don 4 1 4 is
his new main bound move the second hit
sparks good damage Kezia still has very
good combo damage
[Music]
hell lands that CD free will actually
connect after a bound I never thought we
would see it used again in combos after
take Tag Tournament 2 but looks like I
was wrong he has a second bound move
with Don Ford one two this bound ho
however is very limited so far it only
seems to give a guaranteed follow up
next Walt stop connects for good damage
the hit box on the second hit has
improved greatly it now connects on all
characters at the wall in tech Tag
Tournament 2 it only worked on bigs
because we has a new move well sort of
it's double chins old back for it seems
to remain the same safe on block and
juggle on counter hit arguably double
chins best mid move has made its way
into kazuya's move list I'm not
complaining forward free has been nerved
on countering the opponent falls on his
ass away from you so the amazing wake up
game we we got previously has been
completely removed down back for on
counter it has a new animation the
opponent's holes holds his leg in pain
if the frames are better remain to be
seen
his stomp has also this animation now if
it connects on a standing opponent the
funny godfist seems to do respectful
damage once more and now for the great
mystery surrounding Tekken 7 Kazuya
devil Kazuya makes a return the
transformation is still there but you
can only access it while you're in rage
and it doesn't carry over to the next
round and the transformation is still
extremely
and time-consuming so now you're
thinking whoa holy shit
double KC I must be completely broken
broken considering how hard he is to
access well so far only nerves have been
found cause he has is old every gear +5
on block with push back but devil Kazuya
Seba camp has been nerfed it has no
pushback and no plus frames on block it
is also unknown how devil Kazuya is
supposed to bound as he can do done for
1/4 or because he is regular down for
one - there must be something because we
have devil form we had yet to see so
that's it for the changes so far I'm
very excited about taking set account is
taken 7 cozy I hope you are as well and
I can't wait to see more of this game in
the future
cheers guys